* Sources
** Noncommutative Motives I: From Commutative to Noncommutative Motives

** The Grothendieck Festschrift

Contains the paper /Higher Algebraic K-theory of Schemes and of Derived
Categories/ by Thomason and Trobaugh which shows that K-theory
satisfies descent for finite dimensional Noetherian schemes on the
Zariski site.

** Algebraic K-theory: Connections with Geometry and Topology

Contains the paper /The Completely Decomposed Topology on Schemes and
Associated Descent Spectral Sequences in Algebraic K-Theory/ by
Nisnevich which shows that K-theory satisfies descent for the
Nisnevich topology. Also introduces the Nisnevich topology.

** $A^1$-homotopy theory of schemes

In this paper we begin to develop a machinery which we call
$A^1$-homotopy theory of schemes. All our constructions are based on
the intuitive feeling that if the category of algebraic varieties is
in any way similar to the category of topological spaces then there
should exist a homotopy theory of algebraic varieties where affine
line plays the role of the unit interval. For a discussion of the main
ideas on which our approach is based we refer the reader to [ICM 1998
paper]

** An Introduction to $A^1$-homotopy theory

** Motivic Eilenberg-Maclane Spaces

This paper is the second one in a series of papers about operations in
motivic cohomology. Here we show that in the context of smooth schemes
over a field of characteristic zero all the bi-stable operations can
be obtained in the usual way from the motivic reduced powers and the
Bockstein homomorphism.

** Unstable motivic homotopy categories in Nisnevich and cdh-topologies

The motivic homotopy categories can be defined with respect to
different topologies and different underlying categories of
schemes. For a number of reasons (mainly because of the Gluing
Theorem) the motivic homotopy category built out of smooth schemes
with respect to the Nisnevich topology plays a distinguished role but
in some cases it is very desirable to be able to work with all schemes
instead of the smooth ones. In this paper we prove that, under the
resolution of singularities assumption, the unstable motivic homotopy
category of all schemes over a field with respect to the cdh-topology
is almost equivalent to the unstable motivic homotopy category of
smooth schemes over the same field with respect to the Nisnevich
topology. In order to do it we show that the standard cd-topologies on
the category of Noetherian schemes, including the cdh-topology,
satisfy certain conditions which allows one to use the generalized
version of the Brown-Gersten approach to the homotopy theory of
simplicial sheaves.

** A primer for unstable motivic homotopy theory

In this expository article, we give the foundations, basic facts, and
first examples of unstable motivic homotopy theory with a view towards
the approach of Asok-Fasel to the classification of vector bundles on
smooth complex affine varieties. Our focus is on making these
techniques more accessible to algebraic geometers.

** A general framework for homotopic descent and codescent

In this paper we elaborate a general homotopy-theoretic framework in
which to study problems of descent and completion and of their duals,
codescent and cocompletion. Our approach to homotopic (co)descent and
to derived (co)completion can be viewed as
$\infty$-category-theoretic, as our framework is constructed in the
universe of simplicially enriched categories, which are a model for
$(\infty, 1)$-categories.  We provide general criteria, reminiscent of
Mandell's theorem on $E_{\infty}$-algebra models of $p$-complete
spaces, under which homotopic (co)descent is satisfied. Furthermore,
we construct general descent and codescent spectral sequences, which
we interpret in terms of derived (co)completion and homotopic
(co)descent.  We show that a number of very well-known spectral
sequences, such as the unstable and stable Adams spectral sequences,
the Adams-Novikov spectral sequence and the descent spectral sequence
of a map, are examples of general (co)descent spectral
sequences. There is also a close relationship between the
Lichtenbaum-Quillen conjecture and homotopic descent along the
Dwyer-Friedlander map from algebraic K-theory to Ã©tale
K-theory. Moreover, there are intriguing analogies between derived
cocompletion (respectively, completion) and homotopy left
(respectively, right) Kan extensions and their associated assembly
(respectively, coassembly) maps.

** Universal Homotopy Theories

Given a small category C, we show that there is a universal way of
expanding C into a model category, essentially by formally adjoining
homotopy colimits. The technique of localization becomes a method for
imposing `relations' into these universal gadgets. The paper develops
this formalism and discusses various applications, for instance to the
study of homotopy colimits, the Dwyer-Kan theory of framings, and to
the homotopy theory of schemes.

** Algebraic K-theory and descent for blow-ups

We prove that algebraic K-theory satisfies `pro-descent' for abstract
blow-up squares of noetherian schemes. As an application we derive
Weibel's conjecture on the vanishing of negative K-groups.
